Gameflow Concepts

Story
    Cliche Demon Lord or Archdevil impending doom scenario (Multiple options available)
        The final boss won't be initially known unless some time is spent investigating which one it is.
    His/Her generals have already been dispersed across the land in preparation for his/her summoning
    He/She will be summoned in (Established Game Time)
    The party must spend time wisely to prepare to defeat the final boss (saving the world).
        There will be various options to choose from depending on where you are
            Combat, Skills, Travelling, Exploring, Dungeons, Ruins, Resting, Hidden Bosses, etc.
            These will each provide various benefits or could be detrimental
            The higher the risk, the higher the potential reward
    
Timebased Events - Week-based? Day-based?
    Total time before final boss? Time from game start to game finish.
        Months? Years?
    What should the total time of each game loop be?
    How many choices should there be before the endgame.
        Less than 50? Less than 100? Less than 500?
        How many is too many and how many is too few?
        What is considered a choice and how long does it take?
        How long should a cocmpleted run take? 
            2 hours? 3 hours? 5 hours? More?

    Should bosses spawn at specific times or when travelling to specific places?
        Should regions be travelled linearly or going from A to B should just be time-based.
        Should all Non-Final Bosses have similar power levels, or have strength based on the order you fight them.
        Should they be required to defeat before facing the final boss, or just make the final boss fight more managable?
            I.E. Obtain relics that weaken the final boss.

    Add in noncombat skills which take time to improve per character to help in different scenarios?
        Spend x time in town working for a merchant to better appraise objects while travelling
            Think finding higher potential quality or quantity of loot when excavating ruins
        Spend time working for an Apothecary to improve potionmaking from resources gathered while travelling

Account-based Concepts
    Database? 
        Free?
            Local - Single Player?
                SQLite (Might start with this at the very least)
            Cloudbased - Multiplayer? 
                Relational Database?
                    PostgreSQL or MySQL
                Document-Oriented? (No-SQL DB)
                    MongoDB or Firebase
        Paid? (Only if I forecast profits to offset price of Database. All viable for Multiplayer game mode)
            Amazon Aurora
            Firebase - Paid Tier
            Azure Database with PostgreSQL
    Ideas
        Create a table to store game session data
            Use as many factors as possible without inflating the information displayed
            Compendium
                Base items and enemies that are discovered
                    Modifiers for those items and enemies
                Discovered abilities
                Discovered hidden characters with secret or specialized jobs
                    Altair? Valcor? Azrileth?
        When a party wins a run, create account bound party slots that save the builds
            All character items, equipment, abilities, etc.
            Saved to play in different game modes 
                Endless Mode with Leaderboard?
                Multiplayer with Rating?
                Other for fun game modes
        Increasing difficulty runs and account-bound boosts
            Playing on harder difficulties raises the stakes, but also the potential capstone
                This could lead to more powerful saved parties
            The account-bound boosts can help increase chances of winning on higher unlocked difficulties

        


        
                    
            

    

    
