
Prioritized Workload Notes - todo to do Todo
--------------------------------------------

Refactor Character class to delegate responsibilities (In Progress)

Allow TargetingAbility to target any targetable actor
    For enemy AI, it will prioritize character or enemy targeting based on the ability
        I will have to update the EnemyHandler to improe the AI when more ability types come to fruition
        I could potentially give the AI varying decision making based on their knowledge attribute
            Or utilize a skill to handle decision making
                Such as observation allowing A to learn if the target was affected by an ability or not


Create a class to handle all damage logic? 
    Might be useful, might be unnecessary
        Could help reduce logic in CombatActor to prevent it from being too bulky
        Adds an extra file to navigate through


Create a skills list to influence certain aspects of the game (In Progress)
    Have skills designated to imfluence critical hit chance (Currently Finished, might add more later)
    Work on Observation (Determine enemy statistics, avoid being ambushed, out of combat scenario nodes, etc.)
    Work on Stealth (Determine out of combat scenario nodes, higher chance to avoid typically forced fights, etc.)
        More characters = harder chance of success.
    Work on Alchemy (May need to refactor Consumables first)


Start modeling subclasses and subclass logic
    Subclasses are assigned to a class as private SubJob subjob
    to do - create a level up manager for character and implement the subclass logic for it


Implement ability channeling (Finished - may need further testing)
    If an ability costs more action points than the user has, the user uses all remaining action points when trying 
    to activate an ability. At the beginning of each of the users turns, they will be prompted to either cancel the 
    channeling, or use any ability points that may be remaining to continue channeling the ability. If the remaining
    ability points to use the ability becomes 0, then the ability finally triggers. Any the actor is free to use any 
    remaining ability points it may have.
        I.E. Meteor Swarm as a cost of 20 Ability Points, but the user only has 7 total and 7 remaining. The user
        begins channeling Meteor Swarm, which costs 7 ability points. Meteor Swarm has 13 ability points left to 
        activate it's effect. The actor has another turn come around, then is prompted to continue channeling or
        to cancel the channeling and use a different action. If the user continues channeling, it uses all action
        points (which is 7) and reduces the remaining action points to use the ability to 6. The actors next turn 
        triggers and the actor is then prompted whether it wants to activate the ability it is channeling, which
        will cost 6 ability points. If the user prompts yes, the ability finally triggers and the resource cost 
        (if any) is spent. If the user decides not to, the ability cancels and the the actor is free to utilize 
        all of it's remaining action points.



=== FINISHED-ISH ===

Create advanced subclasses similar to paragon paths/epic destinies from DnD
    I.E. Archmage, Demigod, Lich, Seraph, etc.
    Each one should have strict prerequisites (class, subclass, attributes, special node chosen/quest completed, etc)
    Will include custom buffs, unique abilities, and potential flaws

Create optional races to choose from (Finished)

Implement item set effects (Finished)
    Utilize items that have matching set items to create passive buffs
        The buffs can scale with the number of matching set items 
        Have prefix/suffix apply set effects as well

Create scaling per level attributes/resistances/resource values for each class (Finished)
    Maybe create a helper method to use throughout the game
    I.E. Mage would gain 3 knowledge, 1 luck, 6 hitpoints, 12 mana, 0.25 health regen, 0.5 mana regen, and 
    1 fire, lightning, and cold resistance each time it levels up.
        Maybe allow for variation, having it vary on the nth levels